So now that we have the data in the vector stores, now it is time for us to start doing the next operation,
which we are doing in our Rag, which is the retrieval and generation.
So before we start talking about the generation part, let's start about the start thinking about the
retrieval part, like how do we retrieve the information out from this vector data stores and how is
the data is even stored in the vector stores in the first place?
That is something that we need to understand so that it will be very, very helpful for you to see how
the data stores, uh, or the data is being retrieved from which document and what is the document acting
as a data source for the questionaries that we are trying to ask and everything we are going to be doing
from the similarity search.
And once again, all these similarity search are done by the algorithm called as cosine search, because
cosine search is the one which is actually being used by the similarity search of the vector store database
that we are using at the moment.
So I'm going to go to our, um, Visual Studio Code over here.
And I'm going to put a markdown over here and I'm going to say, uh, stage five, which is going to
be the, uh, retrieving, uh, from the persistent, uh, data store, which is the vector data store.
Uh, and I'm gonna put the tick over there and I'm going to add the code so the vector stores, I'm
gonna, uh, this time I'm going to use the one from our, uh, local persistent database, which is
going to be the chrome Chrome r lang chain DB.
Uh, because I don't want to use the one which runs for like three minutes, 24 seconds every single
time.
It's going to take a lot of time and resources of my machine.
You see that?
It took me three minutes.
So depending upon your machine, uh, you will have the speed difference as well.
And I'm going to say the persistent directory over here is going to be uh, dot slash oops dot slash
comma long chain db.
Over here I'm going to use the embedding function which is going to be embedding.
So this time I'm not going to use the from document.
That's the reason why I can happily use this embedding function over here, which is not going to be
any problem.
And now I wanted to do a similarity search.
So let's do a similarity search and see what we talk about that see this vector stores mainly has the
power of what is called as the similarity search.
So you can do similarity search and you can do similarity search by um by any one of the URI or uh,
so they have got so many of these, I'm going to just go with the similarity search over here.
I'm going to ask a question over here, which may be common or present in all these, uh, 2 or 3 documents.
So I'm going to ask like, what is um, maybe our types of, uh, lm testing something like that, I
don't know, and I want to get the top three of that particular similarities.
So I'm just going to give you just the three similarities over here.
And I want to print the result this time.
So let's see what is going to happen the moment I do it.
You see that we get the document and we also get an ID this is how it is being stored on the vector
database.
And you see that now we get a metadata like author creation date of the file.
And the created creator is the LaTeX with hyper ref.
And this is the keyword.
And you see that the page number nine, page six, page 200.
So there are three different places.
The sources are taken for the same question that we are asking.
And if I just go all the way over here, look at that.
Now it is choosing this information like types of lab testing.
It is choosing from three sources.
One is the LM for getting PDF, other one is the attention PDF and then testing and evaluating lm PDF,
which is amazing right?
So this, this kind of question have the similarity search or the cosine similarity in three different
places, which is amazing.
And now let's ask like what is, uh, bias testing?
And if I try to run that, I'm sure this is just sitting in only one document.
Um, but I am not sure if the source might change.
Uh, which could be the case.
Uh, let's see, where is the source?
In here.
Yeah, look at that.
Testing and evaluating llm pdf.
So this I know that this particular document I saw somewhere that it has got this bias testing.
So immediately the vector store could easily identify that this particular data is sitting on this testing
and evaluation LLM dot pdf file.
And it is reading it from there.
I mean it's not going to the data to the PDF file to read this time, but based on the similarity search,
it could able to find the chunk of data which is stored as a vector in the vector store database and
not able to get the result over there.
We can also see what is the page content of these.
So let's say I'm going to do for uh doc in uh results or result.
Uh, and I'm going to print the doc dot.
Uh do we have something called as page underscore content.
Yeah I'm going to print that over here.
Let's see.
Look at that.
So chapter 60 logical reasoning correctness.
So it is reading that from there.
And you see that if I go to the text editor this is the entire information coming up over here for the
question that you have asked.
I'm not sure.
I mean, once we format this particular data, this things will be even more better, but these are
going to be acting as a context for our large language model later on while we are going to be using
the drag operation.
So this is the context of the information that you need for your large language model, which can use
this information to analyze and give you the output for the questions that you are going to be asking.
So for instance, you're going to be asking a query in the question saying, what are the types of,
uh, large language model testing?
Then this data is going to be going to this LLM, but it in turn going to read from the uh, read from
the retrieval model.
Actually, this diagram has got a one of this small change.
I would say let's do that change.
Why is it not getting bigger.
Yeah.
There we go.
So we could just say the question that you ask is going to go to the, uh, large language model, but
in turn you are going to be getting the answer.
Retrieved from our, uh, from the data store as well, for this matter.
So this is what is going to really happen.
That is how your large language model is going to get the context of what your question is and where
the data source it needs to read through from.
And then it's going to give you the response that you're looking for, which is amazing.
So we'll see this entire operation in action while we start, uh, performing this operation.
We can also actually we can.
I just forgot to show you one more thing.
We can also see the similarity search score as well to see if the the score that you are that you are
searching for is correct or not.
So if we're just going to say uh vector store dot uh similarity search score, do we have that uh similar
score with uh score over here.
And then if I'm going to ask this exact same question that I just asked, what is the bias testing?
Uh, and I'm going to put that over here.
And now if I'm going to, uh, see what is the score.
So I'm going to say, uh, Result of probably a zero.
And if I try to run this, look at that.
So we are going to get a, um, a document over here, just this one.
And this is the score that we are getting over here, which is pretty correct.
I mean, this is how you should see the things will be.
Uh, and if I'm going to ask another question over here, what are the types LM testing?
And if I hit run, you see that the similarity score, uh, similarity search score comes in over here.
This things it will give you a confidence that you are, um, you have got the data that you are looking
for.
Now you got the exact data that is required stored in vector database.
And now we're going to see how we can inject this data from this data store into our large language
model while we start asking the question.
So the final operation that we are going to be doing is the generation part.